Adds documentation for importable env (#20509)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelog/workers/2025-03-14-importable-env.mdx

---

> title: Import `env` for direct access to bindings in your Worker code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Import `env` to access bindings in your Worker's global scope
```

maybe?
